TITLE: Molecular Methods Calculations 01
	- Pre-requisitive: Molecular Physics 01.
	- Co-requisitive: None.




TODO: H2 Molecule. To make all calculations.
TODO: Electronic calcs (Electrons only): Orbital Angular Mometum, Spin angular momentum, Total Angular Momentum.
TODO: Nuclear calcs (nucleous only): Orbital Angular Mometum, Spin angular momentum, Total Angular Momentum.
TODO: Atom Calcs (electorns+nucleous): Orbital Angular Mometum, Spin angular momentum, Total Angular Momentum.
TODO: Covalent Bond characterization. H-H Bond.
TODO: Bond strength (potential curve), bond size, electron density, etc.
TODO: Translation energies, rotational energies, vibrational energies, electric dipole moment, etc, etc.

TODO: Diatomic Molecule with identical atoms (H2, O2, N2, F2, Cl2, etc). To make all calculations.
TODO: Bond strength (potential curve), bond size, electron density, etc.
TODO: Translation energies, rotational energies, vibrational energies, electric dipole moment, etc, etc.
TODO: Formal Definition and calculations of electronegativity.

TODO: Diatomic Molecules with different atoms. Calculations: Electron density, the bond, electric dipole moment, etc
TODO: Examples to calculate: CO, HCl, Etc.
TODO: Bond strength (potential curve), bond size, electron density, etc.
TODO: Translation energies, rotational energies, vibrational energies, electron density, electric dipole moment, etc, etc.
TODO: Acids: HX. Eg.: HF, HCl, HBr, HI. Autoionization. H+ and H3O+. Concentration of ions. Ka constant. pKa. pH. pOH. Acid strength.

TODO: Ionic Compound calculations.
TODO: Examples: NaCl, etc.
TODO: Show there is NO electron transfer. Show how different this is from a covalent bond.

TODO: Water.
TODO: Calculation of the electron density
TODO: Hybridization of the oxygen orbitals.
TODO: Bond strength (potential curve), bond size, electron density, etc.
TODO: Translation energies, rotational energies, vibrational energies, electric dipole moment, electronegativity etc, etc.
TODO: Intermolecular interactions. Try to aproximate fusion point and ebulition point. Maybe: Crystal structure as solid.

TODO: Other covalent bonds
TODO: C-H Bound. N-H Bound. O-H Bound. Etc. To make all calculations.
TODO: Other types of molecules: CH4, NH3, H2O, etc
TODO: Electron density calculations. Orbital Hybridization. Etc.
TODO: Bond strength (potential curve), bond size, electron density, etc.
TODO: Translation energies, rotational energies, vibrational energies, electric dipole moment, etc, etc.

TODO: Intermolecular interactions (of, say, H2, HCl, H2O, NaCl(aq), etc).
TODO: Statistics: Several of these diatomic molecules.
TODO: Stat Calc: Thermodynamics: Fusion point, Ebulition point, etc.
TODO: Stat Calc: Electromagnetism: Conductivity, magnetic permeability, electric permissivity. DC and AC. Optical Constants. Refraction index. =).
