TITLE: Thermodynamics 03: PVTN System
	- Pre-requisitives: Thermodynamics 02.
	- Co-requisitives: None



TODO: First Law, Chemical Potential, Could be N (number of particles) or n (number of mols) as state variables.
TODO: To point out: Chemical Potential is an generalized force, and N the generalized displacement. Associated work.
TODO: Interpretation of the chemical potential as the first law states.
TODO: Density per particle number (energy density, pressure density, volume density, etc).
TODO: Thermodynamic Equilibrium: Thermal Equilibrium (equal temperatures), Mechanical Equilibrium (equal pressure), Chemical Equilibrium (equal chemical potential).

TODO: Heat Capacities (with the chemical potential now... :D)
TODO: Expansion coeficients and etc (with the chemical potential now.. :D)

TODO: Multi-component species. Mixtures. First Law of Thermodynamics. Chemical Potentials of each specie. 
TODO: Work and Energy. Internal Energy. Interpretation of each chemical potential.

TODO: More than one type of particles. Work and internal energy.
TODO: Second Law, Entropy, Entropy density, etc. Expressions of the entropy in certain systems.

TODO: Thermodynamic Potentials: Internal Energy, Enthalpy, Helmholtz, Gibbs, Etc. Maxwell Relations. Note: All Legendre Transforms.
TODO: Physical Interpretation of the chemical potential from above potentials.
TODO: New Thermodynamic Potentials: Hill Energy, Ray Energy, Grand Potential, Guggenheim Function (Gibbs-Duhem Relation). note: Legendre transformations using chemical potential.
TODO: Interpretation of above potentials.

TODO: Chemical Reactions, Exothermic, Exorgonic, Activation Energy, etc.
TODO: Chemical Equilibrium. Equilibrium constants. pKa. pH. Experimental determination of equilibrium constants.
TODO: Equilibrium constants 

TODO: Ideal Gas Chemical Reactions. Equilibrium constants (in terms of pressure, temperature, etc).
TODO: Nernst's Equation. Thermal ionization. Ionization potential. Saha's Equation.
TODO: Affinity. Standard Gibbs Function.
TODO: Displacement of equilibrium.
TODO: Heat Capacity of reacting gases.

TODO: Other chemical systems.
TODO: Other Applications: Hydrogen plasma equilibrium. Nuclear Reactions. Creation and anhinilation of particles.

TODO: General Open Systems. Considering now a YXTN System. Y: Generalized Force, X: Generalized Displacament.
TODO: First Law. Work and Heat.
TODO: Potentials: Internal Energy, Enthalpy, Helmholtz Free Energy, Gibbs Free Energy, Grand Potential.
TODO: Heat Capacity. Expansion stuff.
TODO: Maxwell Relations.
TODO: Like this: http://people.virginia.edu/~cas8m/classes/phys8310/2013/variables.pdf






Open Systems (?)
Pure Substancies
Thermal Properties of Solids.
Critical Phenomena
Chemical Equilibrium
Ideal Gas Reactions
Heterogeneous Systems


Sistema PVTHM =D.
Sistemas quimicos
